# CS330_Final_MarkM
1. The skills that greatly helped me here where a better understanding of creating executables, final end projects, and more refinement of my research skills. It also greatly helped that I was allowed to use provided code as a base to work off of. My design process followed finding a suitable base code and working off of it from there. I used one of the provided codes from the class, the initial set up code I believe, and tacked on items from the cylinder and sphere codes. Combining these resources gave me a canvas to work with, and using the the base code from one of the provided items, I modified and added code to create a fully functioning product. The use of older code as a base as one builds up and modifies a project is always an important skill to have, especially for updating items.

2. I am now able to use a provided base code or pillage parts of a source code to amalgamate elsewhere in another program in order to build a project. I hadn't done this before in practice, but now that I have, I found it very easy to do. Iterating helped segment my focus on what I was working on each time. From modifying lighting, adding textures, certain shapes, or simply adding in portions of the objects. I feel like this iterative approach is alot better and more organized than my previous ways of coding which attempted to be iterative. I used to kinda put in as much of the code as i could at once, then iteratively debug it. I will more refined method take this method with me into the future.

3. I am still not too sure as to what computational graphics can help bring to the table for me as my future job that I'm locked in for is cyber security. Adie from practicing more code, and becoming familiar with more programs and their capabilities, not much else can be used for fighting off hackers. The class hasn't really helped prepare me for my immediate future job. However, one day, I may become a game developer after I finish with cyberspace operations and this would have helped give me a primer course for that.
